Update studio-updates-2026-05.md (#2724)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-platform-spaces: src/studio/nuxeo-studio/nuxeo-studio-release-notes/studio-updates-2026-05.md

### Fix content validation error preventing changes to Studio projects
Restores the ability to save Studio changes for projects with HTML layouts that include JavaScript, removing a blocking validation regression.

**What Changed:**
Updated Studio Designer’s content validation behavior to prevent valid projects from failing save operations with a generic Content Validation Error when HTML layouts contain JavaScript (issue introduced in March 2026 release).

**Impact:**
Customers who were previously blocked from making any Studio Designer updates (and forced to switch to direct Git workflows) can now edit and save their projects normally again, reducing upgrade disruption and support escalations tied to unclear/overly-blocking validation failures.

### User details now load for OrgAdmins in Account Management
Fixes an indefinite loading state so OrgAdmins can view user information and manage permissions as expected.

**What Changed:**

> Corrected Connect Account Management behavior where OrgAdmins could open a user page but user details never rendered (only loading icons indefinitely), even though the same pages loaded correctly for other roles (e.g., Power User).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Corrected Connect Account Management behavior where OrgAdmins could open a user page but user details never rendered (only loading icons indefinitely), even though the same pages loaded correctly for other roles (for example, Power User).
```
